Outref and byref are not "no different" (#26268)
dotnet/docs: docs/fsharp/language-reference/byrefs.md

### Outref semantics

The purpose of `outref<'T>` is to indicate that the pointer should only be written to. Unexpectedly, `outref<'T>` permits reading the underlying value despite its name. This is for compatibility purposes.

> Semantically, `outref<'T>` is no different than `byref<'T>`, except for one difference where `outref<'T>` parameters can be implicitly constructed into a tuple with the return value when a tuple-style method can be changed to return a tuple when you only supply non-`outref<'T>` arguments to the method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Semantically, `outref<'T>` is no different than `byref<'T>`, except for one difference: methods with `outref<'T>` parameters are implicitly constructed into a tuple return type, just like when calling a method with an `[<Out>]` parameter.
```

* Call out the similarity to `[<Out>]` parameters
* It's better to just call it a method. Distinguishing between tupled and curried methods is more confusing to anyone other than an advanced F# programmer, and that person will already know what you're talking about here

> ```fs

Reviewer: Don't provide the `byref` example here. Just use the `outref` one. Better to have less code.

type C =
    static member M1(x, y: _ outref) =
        y <- x
        true
    static member M2(x, y: _ byref) =
        y <- x
        true
        
match C.M1 1 with
| true, 1 -> printfn "Expected" // Fine
| _ -> printfn "Never matched"

match C.M2 1 with // error FS0001: This expression was expected to have type ''a * 'a ref' but here has type 'int'
| true, 1 -> printfn "Expected" // error FS0001: This expression was expected to have type 'bool'but here has type ''a * 'b' 
| _ -> printfn "Never matched"
```

> Although programming with `outref<'T>` are not normally seen, this eases interoperability with C#'s e.g. `TryParse` methods, so that instead of being forced to utilise `mutable` variables and more lines of code:

Reviewer: This doesn't have anything to do with _using_ `outref` in your own code. This kind of implicit construction has always been possible before `outref` was ever introduced. I recommend cutting this section out.
